MTM-45961 Document how the knowledge hub from gainsight can be removed (#620)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/users-guide/getting-started-bundle/knowledge-hub.md

* **UPGRADE {{< product-c8y-iot >}}** - View pricing and purchase {{< product-c8y-iot >}}

These options may vary from time to time.

> ### Turning off

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Turning off the Knowledge Hub
```

> In case you would like to turn off the **Knowledge Hub**:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To turn off the Knowledge Hub:
```
Knowledge Hub itself is not formatted in bold, only when referring to a screen element (like a button)

1. Click the **User** button at the right of the top bar and then click **User Settings**.

> 2. In the **Edit user** dialog box click the switch that is called **Enable knowledge hub**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. In the **Edit user** dialog box switch the **Enable Knowledge Hub** toggle.
```
This is misspelled in the UI. Knowledge Hub is always capitalized.

Author: Ok :+1:
